- Write the README.md
- substitute the disconnected write with showError.
- make better the upload board(probably I need an interface that is similar to download board, so it is possible to rename the board that I want to upload and is possible to see a confirm message that the board is uploaded).
- Probably it's necessary to add the loading screen even when you are loading one of your boards.(just to be sure).
- Implement the download from Server for the current board(probably intended like a better version of that).
- Fix the bug when you exit from the screen(moveout, in this case create the line )
- Try to change the region in the pom of App Service(current CentralUs, probably West Europe is better for our purpose)
- Create the deploy script:
  - Find a real way to wait until some command are executed and remove the wait method of Azure that cause only errors.
  - Find a way to create from the script a new tenant to make possible the login.
  - Enlarge the quantity of time that is waited.
- Clear the main branch from useless code.
- Re-name the link of the application:something like ExcaliFan



# BUGS
- Http doesn't work: is possible to use http with the current configuration of Azure App Service, but the login doesn't work. At this point, if there isn't any point in continuing using Http, we can directly put off Http using:
"properties": {
  "httpsOnly": true
}
- Disconnection from a particolar board doesn't work really good. Currently, when you are re-freshing the page and creating a new board, the old board remain unused and not garbage-collected.
- For now downloading the board doesn't work really well. To download a board, when for example a new user is joining an existing board, we are blocking the entire board. How I can evitate that?


# Reminders


# Important Information
data.userId is the information that is used to identify the connection to SignalR.
It is generated during the login, from the client, and correspond to the email of the user.
So it is probably better to have a different session identifier for each connection to SignalR(so for each different opened tab). In this way, is easy to make different connections to different boards.

I have also a problem with multiple access to the same board.
Example: two different pc that access to the same board with the same account. Now they will have the same identifier(the identifier is always the email). If I change this thing(must be changed), It's really difficult to make multiple connection to the same board.
Probably, one idea, is to not support currently this thing. The idea is that probably I can simple add in the future a service for a session, and save in the session for each user the loaded board. For now, probably I can simply load like two different instances the boards. 

Currently I have modified the userId, that is now a concatenation of email and a random number generated by the client. Obviously, this value isn't stored in the remote server, so it can't be easily retrieved from the remote server. This problem can probably be easily solved using another service that can be used to store session information(not really correct to put the session information on the server).



Check for what the ownerUserId of the board is used. Probably It is used to verify in the backend that the user is trying to save the board is the owner of the board(when a board is shared, only the owner of the board can save the board).


Check if the templogin api is useful or not(in the "not" case, delete it)

Move api in multiple RestController(Really useless)